hello everyone with you sock us 8 today i
I would like to show you my dup car here
I wanted to show you and so quickly
but in general, ideally, this one
additional
now i'm neat
and wait please fell can
of course and rewind that
by family you
in general, I just said
I made such a car here , but I wanted to
try and that's what happens
will be the first but discover something so
there are different sides shorter will
multiply a lot at once
meters to
here here is a repeater
warden he from here and I forgot to you
show what's inside those I copy
diamond as we see diamonds to but here i am
I copy the golden block to prove to you
that i copy not only diamond i
copy bone and even the thread even
us in
made such a design stuffed
need to copy by the way not copied
clothes in general
in general now victories
what else do you need
future
need to
torch old man quick my like this
here and here so she will slept themselves these
dow look damn it will be necessary now
Say what comes and bathes everything
everything is done perfectly done here is how
I said everything
works for me here we look from above and
copied like bones so does mom for
singer also blame and gold can
see but i 'm doing this for the first time with
by quantity
and I usually do like this
so here about did i usually okay i
I turn it on and so that it does not bug there I scoff
just in the village .
Okay, I was at 4008